hello very good everyone here were already 11
and we are going to make a new gameplay valley
and this time I'm in a one- sided anger play
revel yes but let's do a trick
new of the new update moment
and this is a new one of the new trick of the
new version of evangelization
that for a meat between bell doing in
the trick of some tires give you 40 thousand
well, that's what you play
and the color did not matter the color of the
head of the manual the first thing you have
what to do at the moment we want to
the other points
what you have to do
do what you want
Whatever you want
the heart where you want all that stick
or country here the mobile to the internet and good
part of you already know that the street
in revel
moment is here it's worth what you buy
the color you want to buy and it will appear
the garage you repeat in what garage or house
It depends on what you have and even
when you have the flames or you go to
look for it in the garage and it's worth when
you are here it is worth finding
between rusty veil
only rusted
now we repair the vehicle on wheels
Wheeled and off-road equipment is worth
in moments
in the standard wheels that put the
amazon down here see her amazon
it spends only because there are 4000 4000
and then down here put had way
ok chrome wheels I will go free
the facts are not so free
and look when we get 40,000 so they see
days and this trick will not put you in the
the high costs do not need more
vehicles these tricks can be done
many times infinitely but I think
that I have got a million more
the other is your short one is that you
I said that if we found in us
people with yes that
only inside
This is the trick, you can buy it
you can keep buying I followed
doing it like that I bought what I've done
again and again each garage will call the
mechanical and so on, so guys
down here there are two buttons one that gives
thumb up and one can subscribe
hit like if you liked this video
their have helped me to tell me in the
comments
or it has been done these started 4 val and all
what grams I started when
if this fabulous trick has helped you
joel danny 0 finds everything and my
friends and that will help me subscriber
if you are not subscribed if you like my
videos you like what I do
and we will be a part of the channel
the small community to say it
so kids until next ciao